PROBLEM STATEMENT (Gina) 

How much are you spending on AI? 
```
when I first began using AI, it was only about a quarter of a dollar
then I started developing like crazy and found out it was like 20 dollars in 3 days
```
Perhaps you're paying $20 a month, OR you’re on a free plan like me :)
-----------------------------------
But, the number is WAY worse for developers, as they can spend $392 per month!
------------------------------------
And we actually tested this.
62.1% of Coders  think AI is too expensive.
This is because when we’re coding something important—
We want the best model available.
------------------------------------
But the truth is,
Not every coding task needs the best model.
------------------------------------
For example,if you wanna add a simple button to your website, rather than spending $110 for an advanced model, you could’ve paid $20 and still get a sufficiently good result.
It’s like using a nuclear power plant to toast a slice of bread.
------------------------------------
We interviewed a backend engineer in Toss, and we realized that developers are actually aware of this problem. The issue is there is just no available solution.
------------------------------------ 
-  -------------- ---------------------












CUPID INTRODUCTION (지혁)

Currently,  AI is expensive, mostly because we’re using the wrong model.
So, what if there was a product that could effectively choose the right AI?

So we introduce Cupid.
Cupid is a developing environment that automatically picks the right AI for the job, ensuring you get the best results without overpaying for power you don’t need. 
So, this is how Cupid works.
When you type a prompt, cupid analyzes the complexity and nature of the task. Then, it automatically decides the most COST-EFFICIENT, and OPTIMAL AI model for this specific job. 

<demo>
Let’s say I want to make a simple breakout game. Our CUPID engine selected the gemini as the most cost efficient model, and compared to the claude opus, I managed to save 94.5%!
and these are the results.
Will you pay almost 20 times more to just make this better? No, right?

Internal blind tests also showed that the qualities of CUPID and the best model are almost similar.

Here’s what users think.
Most of them agreed that CUPID will definitely solve the cost problem and they were looking forward to using it.






TECHNOLOGY (형준)

When a developer hits send, the Prompt Optimizer immediately cleans and formats the prompt, removing unnecessary phrases so the instruction is clear and concise.
Next, our auto-selection engine takes over. In under 150 milliseconds, it uses offline rules and a small custom LLM to identify the task and instantly choose the perfect model for the job.
Finally, the Context Preservation Layer steps in. Instead of blindly sending massive codebases to the AI, it summarizes past chats and extracts only the essential project context.


MARKET ANALYSIS, PRICING (Sahan)

Now talking about the Market,
“Since Cupid is an AI-native developing environment, our market is naturally global.
We approximated our TAM to be about 110 billion dollars.

Further, we targeted developers who rely on AI heavily for our SOM and it amounted to 600 million dollars.
Moving on to pricing, we follow a subscription based model. We have 3 tiers, the free, pro and the max, each increasing in price respectively.
The Big bold price, pays for our end of the AI.
Additionally, We also provide CUPID Credits. Higher the tier, higher the Cupid Credits. 
If you are wondering what Cupid Credits are , they are basically an universal AI wallet. Your Cupid can buy any model it needs using the credits.  
If it runs out, you can always buy more

COMPETITORS, IMPLEMENTATION (경모)

Let’s now talk about how we win. 
 
While companies like Cursor and Replit provide great tools, they all prioritize raw performance. This makes Cupid the only platform that brings cost efficiency, saving users 50 to 99% in costs. 
 
 
Next, here’s how we scale. 
 
We begin B2C as a lightweight extension to acquire developers and test our model. Then, we launch our dedicated developing environment and start monetizing our most valuable asset – data. Finally, we will secure partnerships with frontier AI labs for deeper integration.  
 
In fact, we are currently in active talks with NAVER for investment and infrastructure support. 
 
We project that by the middle of year 2, we would reach our break-even point, and by year 4, over 1 billion dollars in revenue with a net income of 267 million. 

So, in the 5 minutes that we’ve been presenting, developers have wasted over $250,000 on inefficient AI.
 
But, with CUPID, this stops now. 
 
Our team of great engineers, designers, and strategists will ensure that you never lose money, context, and focus. 
 
So, from now on: Don’t code stupid. Use Cupid. 